Add a new page My Returns to the Company Account Dashboard block (#1185)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-my-returns.md

---
title: My Returns
---

All customer return information is displayed on the **My Returns** page in the customer account.

![]({% link images/images/my-returns-page.png %}){: .zoom}

> _My Returns Page_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_My Returns_
```

> ## Create Return Request from customer account

Reviewer: Return request is not a proper noun

```suggestion
## Create return request from customer account
```

> Only shipped and invoiced orders, with `Complete` status, can be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.bs-callout-info}
Only shipped and invoiced orders, with `Complete` status, can be returned.
```

1. From the storefront, the customer logs in and opens their customer account page.

1. The customer opens the **My Orders** page and finds the required order with the status `Complete`.

> 1. Click <span class="btn">View Order</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clicks <span class="btn">View Order</span>.
```

> 1. To create a return request, click <span class="btn">Return</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To create a return request, clicks <span class="btn">Return</span>.
```

   ![]({% link images/images/my-orders-returns.png %}){: .zoom}

>    _My Orders Page_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _My Orders_
```

> 1. Fill in the **Contact Email Address** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enters the **Contact Email Address** information.
```

1. Chooses the **Item** to return and enters the **Quantity to Return**.

1. Sets **Resolution** to one of the following:

    - Exchange
    - Refund
    - Store Credit

1. Sets **Item Condition** to one of the following:

    - Unopened
    - Opened
    - Damaged

1. Sets **Reason to Return** to one of the following:

    - Wrong Color
    - Wrong Size
    - Out of Service
    - Other

    In case of the reason for the return is different from those listed in the **Reason to Return** field, then you can enter your own in the **Other** field.

> 1. If you need to return more than one item, click <span class="btn">Add item to return</span> and repeat the previous steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If returning more than one item, clicks <span class="btn">Add item to return</span> and repeats the previous steps.
```

    ![]({% link images/images/create-new-return.png %}){: .zoom}

>    _Create New Return Page_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _Create New Return_
```

> 1. Also, you can leave an additional comment for the store admin in the **Comment** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Enters an additional comment for the store administrator in the **Comment** field.
```

> 1. To create a return, click <span class="btn">Submit</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clicks <span class="btn">Submit</span> to create the return request.
```

Author: @leslietilling, hi
thank you very much for all your help!
Done.
